Report error diagnostic when trying to flattening a model with polymorphsim (#1223)
Azure/typespec-azure: .chronus/changes/tcgc-forbid-polymorphism-flatten-2024-6-23-22-12-38.md

---
changeKind: feature
packages:
  - "@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-core"
---

> throw error when trying to flattening a model with polymorphsim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Report error diagnostic when trying to flattening a model with polymorphism
```

do not call reporting diagnostic throw as this is something you should absolutely not do in TypeSpec libraries.
